♪ MTV... ♪
- When will you be back?
- This evening.
Be careful.
Well, this coward couldn't
kill me when he had
the jump on us,
damn sure ain't killing me
when we have the jump.
Say it.
I'll be careful.
I love you.
Be back by supper.
Just come back.
Champagne in the morning?
The sky can't decide if
it's gonna rain or snow.
I don't want to be out
in either.
I think we'll waste this day
right here.
I want some.
Sure you do.
Roll over.
Wait.
My fucking luck.
I mean it. Wait.
I'm the one who's paying.
I'm fucking coming.
Banner Creighton,
you're under arrest.
For what?
Two counts of murder, and four
counts of attempted murder.
Who'd I murder?
And who the fuck did
I attempt to murder?
Look like you've seen
a ghost, Banner.
And you have.
If you're arresting me,
arrest him.
This fucking jackal hung me
by my neck
and left me to die,
killed my friends
for trespassing.
And he was well
within his rights.
Turn around.
At least let me
get fuckin' dressed.
County jail has got
a brand new suit for you.
I see you brought
your army, Jake.
You're gonna need 'em.
You hear me?
You're gonna fucking need 'em!!!
Nice robe.
Keep smiling, pup.
You cheated death twice.
You won't cheat it
a third time.
That sounds a lot like
a confession to me, Banner.
Oh, God...
We're ready.
Clear 'em out.
Clear back!
Jake Dutton...
I saw him.
Saw him?
In town.
With the sheriff...
Went to Banner's house.
Did they kill him?
Arrested him.
That was their first mistake.
I'm here to see
my client, Banner Creighton.
That was fast.
Has arraignment been set?
Eight AM.
Tomorrow morning.
Has a judge been assigned?
Uh... Rawlins.
Council for 2314.
We'll post bond
once bail is set.
They'll not set bail
for a murder charge.
Bail will be set.
Don't speak to anyone.
Not your cell mate,
not the detectives, no one.
Refer them to me.
There's two hookers
in my house.
Can we have them run off
before they rob me blind?
Is there anything
incriminating in the house?
I don't know
what incriminating means.
Any evidence that
would support
their charges against you.
There's nothing at the house.
What's the address?
418 Hancock.
You really think
I'll be out of here tomorrow?
I'm certain.
Arraignment is in the morning.
Rawlins is the judge.
Make sure he understands
how essential Banner is
to my operations.
I'll find him this evening.
Mister Creighton mentioned
there are two women
of ill repute in his residence.
He asked that I remove
them from the premises.
Ill repute?
Prostitutes, sir.
Ah.
Would you like them removed?
I'll remove them.
Seems like you two don't
need a customer at all.
Who are you?
This is my house.
I thought it
was Banner's house.
Banner lives here.
But I own it.
It's lovely.
Thank you.
I assume Banner failed
to pay you before he left.
Not yet.
Does that cover it?
That's too much.
Well, we haven't
finished yet, have we?
What do you like?
I'm going to show you.
He's a naughty one.
If you only knew.
A real naughty one.
Not like that.
Ah!
Like that.
Just...
like that, yes?
Not a sound from you.
I take no pleasure in screams.
Ah...
Who are you writing?
Spencer.
My youngest.
Well, he's not mine,
but I call him mine.
- Jack's uncle.
- Yes.
Isn't he coming home?
He is.
Then...
How can you send him a letter?
I can't.
It's more for me.
I suppose you could call
it journaling...
but writing to one's self seems
so narcissistic
I can't bring myself to do it.
So, I address
my thoughts to him.
What do you tell him?
Everything.
How I feel,
what I made for supper.
I told him about you.
- Me?
- About the baby.
How you can tame Jack
with a look.
I would hardly say he's tamed.
Spencer was always
a very quiet boy.
Very still.
Always watching.
Deliberate in
everything he did.
I could jabber away for hours,
and he would just listen.
I suppose that's
what I'm doing now.
You do it when they're gone.
Yes.
I think I'm more like Jack.
I need a purpose.
This waiting suffocates me.
Me too.
Well, then,
you need a purpose.
My thoughts...
I have trouble putting
my thoughts into words.
Ah. What then?
Maybe I'll...
I'll bake a cake.
You know how
to bake a cake?
No.
I can remedy that.
How's this?
All the lumps must be gone.
I have much more respect for
bakers than I did yesterday.
There is a measure of
labor that goes into it.
Got caught in the rain?
Little bit.
We're baking a cake.
I see that.
What's the celebration?
You coming home.
We do that every night.
If you're gonna bake us
cake every evening,
we're gonna need
bigger horses.
What happened?
He's where he belongs.
Where does he belong?
In jail.
Awaiting trial.
Where he will be convicted
and sent to the gallows.
Thank you.
Where's Jack?
He's right behind me,
putting up the horses.
Dramatic little thing,
isn't she?
It's like having a new puppy.
I remember when you
were the new puppy.
No, you don't.
Told you there was
nothing to worry about.
You said evening.
I did.
You're late.
I'm a little late.
I can't wait to see what I get
when I've been gone for a week.
You're not allowed
to be gone for a week.
Calvin Coolidge had
two Grizzly Bears captured
in Mexico released
on the White House lawn.
Why'd he get them from Mexico?
He can get all the grizzlies
he wants right here.
Of all the things in that
headline to disturb you,
where the bears are from is
the one thing that stands out?
I'm saying that's a long way
to go for a grizzly.
It doesn't bother you he
let them loose
on the front yard of the
White House?
I wouldn't want to be the man
who has to put them
back in their cage.
Unemployment at historic lows,
down to 2.4 percent.
Where?
Not here.
New commission formed in
Washington to regulate mining,
CEO of Anaconda Copper Mines
appointed chairman.
Whitfield.
Westfield Silver Mining CEO
Donald Whitfield, vice-chair...
They put the bosses
of the mining companies
in charge
of regulating the mines?
That should tell you all
you need to know
about politics, son.
You're in politics.
I'm in law enforcement.
You enforce the laws
you push through.
Jack.
I ain't complaining, I'm just
saying it's the same thing.
You're a cattleman in charge
of regulating cattle.
Am I wrong?
There's this theory that
these scientists came up with
after studying
tribes in India and Africa,
and South America.
The smaller tribes didn't
have any government.
Didn't need any.
They could sit down and talk
out their problems,
decide where to plant
crops, to hunt.
They was just a big family, really.
But when the number of people
got up around five hundred,
if there wasn't any government,
the strongest people
would take advantage
of the weakest...
Every time.
Without fail.
They would enslave,
rape, steal.
Enrich their lives at the
expense of other people's lives.
Government is man's
way of trying
to control our behavior.
But it can't be controlled,
it's what we are.
Sooner or later, the kind
of people who would
enrich themselves
at your expense,
will use the government
to do it.
And mark my words, one day
they'll create
laws to control what we say,
how we think.
They will outlaw our
right to disagree,
if we let them.
I created the commission
to protect the way this family
provides for itself...
How it protects the land.
Isn't Whitfield doing
the same thing?
The exact same thing.
Unfortunately for him,
what's good for his way of
life is not good for ours.
What about right and wrong?
No such thing.
Can't think that way.
You can only think about
what's good for this ranch.
What's good for your family,
that's it.
Then use their rules to do it.
A bear in the White House.
Of all the things that happen
in the world each day,
why is the news
telling you that?
What aren't they telling
you, that's the question.
This isn't the news, Jack.
This is camouflage.
We don't talk politics
at the table.
If you know what's good for you,
you'll remember that.
How'd we both get in trouble?
Banner in jail
doesn't solve anything.
This fight ain't over.
It's just begun.
She's not mad...
she's scared.
Speak English, boy?
I speak English.
What are you doing out here?
Tending sheep.
I don't see any sheep.
That's why I'm
looking for 'em.
Sounds like you
strayed from the flock.
Flock strayed from me
while I was sleeping.
I've seen no sheep tracks.
Not following them.
I'm headed to water.
That's where they'll be.
How old are you?
What do you care?
You should be in school.
Finished school.
Where?
Kansas.
What's the name?
I don't have to
answer your questions.
You'll answer them or get drug
back to the school by your hair.
You don't have the right.
No telling which school
this one escaped from.
Doesn't matter.
He's headed to ours, now.
I'll run this one back.
You keep going.
Where there's one
there's more.
Maybe a whole camp of 'em.
Wherever they are...
she is.
I'll take him back.
I'm a man of the cloth.
Which is to say,
I'm a man of my word.
Ah! Ah!
Heeya.
I served a mission
in Argentina.
Served one in Peru.
The Philippines.
All populated with
people like you.
People who now thrive.
They thrive.
Build cities.
Grow crops.
All in the bosom of Christ.
They followed our teachings
and they prosper.
You...
reject them.
Fight them.
And suffering is your reward.
Salvation awaits
in the light,
and yet...
you people...
choose darkness.
Seek it.
Crave it.
I think your souls
have been spoken for already.
I think the devil has them.
You don't need schools.
You need exorcisms.
You are a priest?
I am.
A holy man.
Yes.
But you've killed.
In the name of God.
Stolen.
What have I stolen?
The land you sit on.
I have stolen nothing.
If you hadn't stolen it,
you wouldn't be here.
You'd be somewhere else.
I don't understand
your pagan logic.
Your God has all these laws.
I know them.
I studied them.
You're supposed
to teach His laws,
but you break them
to teach them.
So, the laws means
nothing to you.
Which means...
Your God doesn't exist,
and you know it.
Blasphemy.
You godless heathen.
I think the world will be a
better place without you in it.
Without any of you.
Our Father, who art in Heaven.
Look at me when I speak!
Hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come.
Thy will be done.
On Earth as it is in Heaven...
If his will is done on earth,
and my knife is to your throat,
this must be what
your God wants.
Can you walk?
I can run if you want.
We let the horses run.
There's two more priests
looking for Teonna.
I saw the tracks.
Which way did they go?
Hank in the badlands?
By the Red Creek.
They will stop for the night.
We won't.
What do we do with him?
Go wait with the horses.
What did you do?
Ate his soul.
We must ride fast.
Keep up.
He...
Boy!
This one's school age,
as well.
Well, at least he's got
a vocation.
Tending sheep is God's work.
We are looking for a girl.
About fifteen.
Why looking for her?
Broke the law.
What law?
We owe you no
explanation, child.
Have you seen a girl?
I've seen no girl.
Ah!
Let me see.
The girl has blinded you.
You godless witch!
You'll kill her, brother.
With God as my witness.
Aah!
Wait--
He beat you up pretty good.
Can you stand?
Goddam your fucking soul.
I'll have a skiff run you in.
It'll be faster.
I can do without
customs boarding the vessel.
Understood.
I'm in your debt.
You're in no such thing.
I think perhaps the sea is
the last place where men
do the right thing for
that reason alone.
Maybe the whole world
should be put to sea.
Whole world would drown.
If ever I find myself in
the company of a leopard,
I'd appreciate some assistance.
I didn't tell you
I was a hunter.
You're famous, Spencer Dutton.
In case you are unaware.
I'm becoming aware.
Speaking of wild cats,
you've a tiger by the tail
with your new bride.
Mussolini's not a fan
folks carrying guns.
Different rules in Sicily,
but if you go inland,
you'll need to
hide that thing.
Mafia won't like it
too much either, though.
What's the mafia?
Stay here long you'll
find out, mate.
Thank you.
Let's find a hotel.
Spoken like a man who
thinks he's in control.
Let's find a cafe.
I need pasta and wine.
Deep down you love
being told what to do.
There's a freedom in it.
And we all know how
you Americans
feel about your freedom.
Hey.
I'll follow you...
but I ain't walking
behind you.
You sure?
It's a pretty good view.
If I was a betting man,
I'd bet you're smiling.
You booked us passage?
We leave on Thursday.
You're not eating.
I'm not hungry.
How is that possible?
Don't know.
Just ain't.
You've become the lions
you hunted.
Gorging yourself on a kill
then sleeping in the sun
for a week till you muster
the energy to bed a lioness.
I won't wait a week,
I'll have you know.
This is the first time
I've been in a restaurant
with somebody since
I left Montana.
Pesky, these demons of yours.
The further we move from danger
the more we'll see them, I fear.
We're not moving
further from danger.
Eat. I demand it.
What is it?
Rice.
Don't look like rice.
It's rice rolled
in flour and fried.
How do you know the food here?
I'm British.
All we do is travel the world
and become experts
on the places we visit.
That don't make sense.
Like I said, I'm British.
So, your culture is based
on pretending to be experts
on things you know
nothing about.
No, baby.
That's the French.
Made you smile.
My Holy Grail.
- You need loftier goals.
- No, I don't.
Eat.
Well?
Pretty good.
Experts. I told you.
Alexandra?